I don't know how many of you have been
to San Francisco in the last few months,
but um we went for the first time and
saw a bunch of billboards like this. I
haven't been to San Francisco in 10 12
years since I stopped VC World. You
know, I was there with my my buddy Will
and their family. We had a great time.
Uh we saw we saw some of these too. But
oh my god, tons of billboards that said
stop hiring humans. Hire Ava the AI BDR.
I don't know what a BDR is. Uh yeah,
these NPM ones,
tons and tons of billboards and outdoor
advertising
that honestly I I can't imagine appeals
to more than 1% of people who drive by,
right? It's not ads for, you know,
movies and TV shows. It's not ads for
toothpaste and deodorant and things that
everybody uses. It's it's weird out
there, but but it made me think of this.
This is a graph shared by another
friend, Marshall Simmons, uh, who runs
Define Media Group. And Marshall in his
in his post about this alligator graph
of impressions versus clicks, was
pointing out that Google might say,
"Hey, you're getting more traffic than
ever because we're sending more traffic
than ever." But that's not what Google
Search Console says. That's not what
your analytics say. That's not what
anyone who's paying attention is seeing,
right? We're seeing the decline of
clicks, zero click everything.
You know what? There's a there's a
correlation here. As clicks decline and
as marketers and companies and
executives realize that they cannot get
traffic, they can only get impressions.
You know what provides good impressions?
That's right. Billboards. classic forms
of marketing like well like this and
sure yeah yeah even like this or you
know if you go to Spark Toro and you're
trying to reach directors of sales turns
up uh BDR right well directors of sales
pay attention to Reddit and Instagram
and LinkedIn and Facebook and YouTube
and they're using you know AI tools
which send no traffic and they're
visiting Inc and Fast Company and
Gartner and Marketing Profs and and
Claude CL quite a bit of cloud. And
these are all places that are not going
to drive traffic. Just like Google has
stopped driving traffic, just like all
of these platforms have stopped driving
traffic, just like no billboard has ever
driven traffic. Certainly not any
attributable traffic. I I think in this
zero click everything world, being on a
podcast, being on a YouTube channel, uh
ranking for a keyword in Google, being a
social account that lots of people
follow, being in a subreddit, or sure,
yes, having a billboard. All of these
things are really similar. This
alligator graph, it's it's going to be
everywhere. It's going to be everything.
Don't think of this as just impressions
and clicks on Google. Think of this as
potential reach and engagement, ability
to influence your audience as the red uh
line and ability to actually get direct
traffic, measurable traffic to your
website as the blue line. You don't need
the traffic anymore, but you absolutely
need to reach and engage